New doc for service override removal (#33535)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/guide/service_overrides.md

## Remove service overrides

> With inferred services, integration service overrides are no longer needed and can clutter your service maps. You can remove them directly in Datadog. For step-by-step instructions, see [Remove Service Overrides][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With inferred services, integration service overrides are no longer necessary and may clutter your service maps. You can remove them directly in Datadog. For step-by-step instructions, see [Remove Service Overrides][2].
```
